frontend/simple-auth-example/README.md, before:

# SimpleAuthExample

This is a sample project about angular and rails authentication.

## Setup

```
yarn # you need yarn to install some plugins
./setup.sh # and change src/environments/environment.ts to your own settings.
ng serve
```

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

adding readme about login user

frontend/simple-auth-example/README.md, after:

# SimpleAuthExample

This is a sample project about angular and rails authentication.

## Setup

```
yarn # you need yarn to install some plugins
./setup.sh # and change src/environments/environment.ts to your own settings.
ng serve
```

and also you need to run backend server.

```
cd ../backend/simple-auth-example/
# see README.md how to run backend server
```

## Login User Information

You can log in using the following information.

Email: admin@densan-labs.net
password: password


## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class/module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
